Teleport Kubernetes Service (#4961)
gravitational/teleport: docs/5.0/cli-docs.md

$ tsh login --proxy=proxy.example.com --request-reason="I need to run a debug script on production"
```

## tsh kube login

> Login to a kubernetes cluster. Discover connected clusters by using [`tsh kube ls`](cli-docs.md/#tsh-kube-ls)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log into a Kubernetes cluster. Discover connected clusters by using [`tsh kube ls`](cli-docs.md/#tsh-kube-ls)
```

**Usage**: `tsh kube login <kube-cluster>`

```bash

> # tsh kube login to K8s Cluster gke_bens-demos_us-central1-c_gks-demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# tsh kube login to k8s cluster (gke_bens-demos_us-central1-c_gks-demo)
```

$ tctl tokens add --type=trusted_cluster --labels=env=prod
# Generate an invite token for a node
# This is equivalent to `tctl nodes add`
$ tctl tokens add --type=node

> # Generate an invite token for a kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Generate an invite token for a kubernetes_service
```

$ tctl tokens add --type=kube

> # Generate an invite token for a applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Generate an invite token for an app_service
```

`--ttl` | none | relative duration like 5s, 2m, or 3h | TTL (time to live) for the generated certificate
`--compat` | `""` | `standard` or `oldssh` | OpenSSH compatibility flag
`--proxy` | `""` |  Address of the teleport proxy. | When --format is set to "kubernetes", this address will be set as cluster address in the generated kubeconfig file

> `--kube-cluster` | `""` |  The name of a leaf cluster. | When --format is set to "kubernetes", the kubeconfig generated will allow access to this leaf cluster.

Reviewer: This was my fault as we just merged the docs from the old PR (#4446)
